---
title: "fast.ai course"
date: 2019-06-16T10:00:00
draft: false
tags: ["machine learning", "fastai"]
---

I have started working on the [fast.ai course](https://course.fast.ai). This is the Practical Deep Learning for Coders, v3 course. Strangely the 7 lessons made this course more approachable than others on Coursera/Stanford. Jeremy Howard, the creator of the course, is a brilliant guy and it shows in the way the course is presented. Lots of intuition and tuning knowledge has been embedded in the fast.ai library with the various default hyperparameter values being carefully chosen after a lot of experimentation.

Hiromi's [course notes](https://github.com/hiromis/notes) are just awesome. I gained more from those notes than from the videos themselves. I watched the videos and then went to the notes and started playing around with the notebooks simultaneously. 

I thought the lessons 4,5,6,7 were more interesting than the first three. Also the last lesson was just awesome and I need to absorb a lot more of that material. I think the approach of teaching the high level notebooks first does not really help much. It is supposed to make the material more approachable and easy to use. But this course could have just started from a tiny neural network, introduced all the basic concepts and built them up bottom-up instead of the top-down approach. I think the top-down approach introduces more confusion and unnecessary forward-references.

I am putting up some of my notebooks in this [repository](https://github.com/bharathbhushan1/fastai-work).
